When is the patient scheduled for re-evaluation?
Over what time period did the weakness progress?
When was an MRI performed?
When was a adenocarcinoma contained within a tubular adenoma found in the patient's colon?
How long has the patient had loose stools?
When was the cecal cancer resected?
When was the tumor found?
When was a CT-scan performed?
How long has the patient been taking medication for her anxiety?
When did the patient undergo surgery for colon cancer?
When did the patient go to the ER?
When will the patient have lab tests again?
How old is the patient today?
When did patient have osteonecrosis of the knee?
When does he start combined therapy?
When did the patient have a CT scan?
When was surgery done?
When did the patient have her tumor resected?
When was the patient's colon surgery?
When was a CT-scan done?
When was the patient's right hemicolectomy?
When did the patient have a normal CEA?
When was the patient seen for physical therapy?
How long ago did the patient develop polio?
When was a colonoscopy performed?
When is further evaluation being done?
When is the patient scheduled for a follow up appointment?
When was biopsy done?
When will post-surgical chemotherapy start?
When does the patient take aspirin?
When did the patient have orthopaedic and neuro surgeries?
When did the patient have initial resection of the brain tumor?
When will the patient get a MRI of the head?
When did the patient quit smoking?
When will the patient undergo CT-scan of the abdomen and pelvis?
When did the patient have cancer?
When is right colon surgery planned?
When was the tumor resected?
When will the patient's cheek ulcer be treated?
When did patient have abdominal discomfort?
When was the residual tumor resected?
After what surgery did the patient develop atrial flutter?
When did the patient have colon surgery?
When is her follow up appointment?
When did the patient undergo hysterectomy?
Which came first - the cecal or the sigmoid cancer?
How long was he unresponsive after the seizure?
When did the patient come for surgical management?
When was he switched to Dilantin?
When was the last ECG before the one from June 14, 2010 done?
When was the patient's CEA level 6.8?
When was the patient found to have ovarian cancer?
When did the patient drink alcohol?
When was the MRI performed?
When did the patient undergoe urologic procedure?
When was the patient's INR 1.3?
When was HNPCC testing performed?
When will the patient have the next oncology appointment?
When is the patient's follow up appointment?
When did the recurrence appear to start?
When did the patient have left iliac artery stent placement?
When did her symptoms begin?
When does the patient have her eye checks for her diabetes?
When did the physician elect not to perform a biopsy of the colon cancer?
When did the patient have scarlet fever?
When did the patient have ankle surgery?
When did the patient have urological surgery?
When does the patient take her insulin?
When should the antibiotics start?
How old was the patient during the previous ECG?
How long was he without sense of smell?
When did the patient have a CT-scan?
When did the patient had her last intervention for ovarian cancer?
When was there a recurrence of the tumor?
When should the blood test be done?
When did the patient have colonoscopy?
How long will the patient continue Folfox treatment after surgery?
When will the patient have abdominal surgery?
When was the patient found to have a colon cancer?
When did the patient receive intra-vascular volume replacement?
When will radiation therapy begin?
When did the patient have abdominal surgery
When will the patient has possible follow up at Fairmont?
When did the patient have surgery of his abdominal aorta?
When did the patient go to a nursing home?
When did the patient undergo a second surgery?
When did the patient have cervical lymph nodes biopsied?
When did the patient have his aortic aneurysm repaired?
When was the diagnosis of a T3 colorectal cancer made?
When did the patient have severe hypertension?
When did patient have anemia?
How many days will the patient undergo FOLFOX treatment?
When did the patient have hemoglobin determination?
For what time period was the patient quoted a risk of recurrence of her tumor?
When did the patient have orthopaedic surgeries?
When did the patient have surgery for her colorectal cancer?
At which surgical date was no direct colon tumor extension noticed?
When will the patient be seen in the future?
When was he started on Decadron?
When did he start getting pain of the neck?
In which year did Mrs. Stackhouse have a CT scan?
When did have his MRI and PET scan?
When was the patient's rectal cancer diagnosed?
When was the patient first diagnosed with a brain tumor?
When is the next MRI scheduled?
When did the patient use tobacco?
When was the patient's nutritional status poor?
When did the patient start his neoadjuvant treatment?
How long ago did the patient discontinue smoking?
When did the patient have a seizure?
When was the repeat surgery done?
On which dates did cross-sectional imaging show tumor regression?
When does the patient have colon cancer?
When did the patient undergo surgery?
When did Dr. Jesse Wiseman resect hepatic lesions?
When did he have difficulty walking?
When will the patient have access port placement?
When was the resection for recurrent disease performed?
When was the patient told to have the cancer resected?
When will the patient return to see the physician?
When was the last time she was seen with Dr. Taylor?
When did get the patient get an MRI?
How long did the patient smoke?
When did the patient have a CT enterography?
When did the patient have transfusions?
When did the patient have the drain removed for the last time?
When did the patient have a right hemicolectomy?
When did he experience pain?
When will possible lung surgery take place?
When was the tumor diagnosed?
When was her breast cancer diagnosed?
When did he have an abcess?
When was the colon surgery?
Since when has the right lower pulmonary nodule increased in size?
When was the patient found to have anemia?
When will the patient see the stoma therapist?
When was the hemoglobin 12.4
When was the patient married?
When is chemotherapy scheduled?
When did the patient have a PET scan?
When was the tumor biopsied?
When does the patient take her anti-hypertensive?
When was a metastatic colon cancer of the liver detected?
When did the patient's father die?
When did the patient have surgery?
When was the MRI done?
When did the patient have pleural effusions?
When did the patient have right upper quadrant pain?
When was the last patient CT-scan?
When did the patient become tired and weak?
When did the patient have radial artery surgery?
When did the patient see Dr. Hampton?
When is the follow up appointment?
When did the patient have prostate cancer?
When did the patient finish his radiation therapy?
When does the patient use nystatin powder?
When did patient have a CT-scan?
When will the patient contact the physician?
When did the patient decline colonoscopy?
When does the patient use steriods?
When was the patient trying to quit smoking?
When did the patient have rectal or vaginal bleeding?
When did the patient have difficulty breathing?
When did surgery take place?
When was the patient's last CT scan?
When was the patient in the ICU?
When does the patient drink tea?
When was the liver scanned for metastatic disease?
When does the patient drink alcohol?
What diagnosis preceded the surgical resection in January 2002?
How old was the patient when he developed polio?
When was the patient's weight 81.4 kg?
At which age did the patient's son have polyps?
When did the patient stop smoking?
What date did the patient have his colonoscopy?
When was a cyst of the liver first seen?
When is he scheduled to have a hematology group?
When will the patient's adjuvant chemotherapy plan be outlined?
When is a follow up appointment scheduled?
When did the patient have a heart attack?
When will chemotherapy start?
When did the patient have vericose vein surgery?
When did he receive radiation therapy?
When did the patient have an enlarged uterus?
When did colonoscopy not reveal any polyps or masses?
Did the patient gain weight since last visit?
When was biopsy performed?
When was the patient's hemoglobin abnormal?
On what date did colonoscopy reveal a mass?
When was CT-scan done?
When did the patient receive corticosteroid treatment?
When will the patient get a venous access port?
When did the patient have stent placement?
What lesions overlapped with the colon cancer?
How bad is the patient's abdominal pain today?
When will the patient get CT-scans?
When is the follow up appointment scheduled?
When was the patient found to have a metastasis of her colorectal cancer?
When were gall stones found?
When did the patient have lumbar fusion surgery?
When did he notice a dramatic worsening of his right sided weakness?
When did the patient have left mastectomy?
When did the patient's symptoms begin?
When did the patient have shoulder surgery?
When did the patient have surgery for their brain tumor?
When was the patient's haemoglobin 10.3?
When will the patient see medical oncologist?
When did the patient undergo operation for the cancer?
When will Colorectal Surgery perform colonoscopy?
When was the patient found to have omental implants?
When was the sigmoid cancer resected?
When was the patient on vasodilators?
When will her final surgical drain be removed?
When did the patient undergo HNPCC testing?
what symptoms predated a hemoglobin of 8.7?
When was the patient receiving capecitabine?
When were biopsies obtained from the colon mass?
When will the patient's cancer surgery take place?
When did the patient develop acute graft disfunction?
When did the patient have small bowel obstruction?
When were surgical margins of the colon surgery negative?
When will her doctor check her morning glucose levels?
When did the patient have breast surgery?
When will the patient return for follow-up appointment?
When did the patient have colorectal surgery?
When was the first tumor resection done?
When does he restart chemotherapy?
When did the patient have an endoscopy?
When was a resection performed?
When did the patient have a hemoglobin of 6.6?
When in the post-operative course did the patient's bowel function return?
When did the patient start having symptoms?
When was the patient's postoperative CEA level 1.6?
When did the patient have dialysis?
When did the patient have hypertension?
when was patient found to have colon cancer?
When did the patient have his last cardiac stress test?
When did the patient receive chemotherapy?
When was it decided to perform abdominal and later chest surgery?
When did the patient have a kidney transplant?
How long is adjuvant chemotherapy recommended?
When did the patient have an NG tube in?
When was his colon cancer staged?
When will the patient take her anti-hypertensive?
When was the patient hospitalized?
When will the patient see Dr. Brown?
When was the patient diagnosed with osteonecrosis of the knee?
When did the patient have meningioma?
When did he have hematuria?
When was her drain placed?
How long has the patient been smoking?
When was radiation therapy completed?
How long has the patient been taking sleeping medication?
When was the patient's large-cell lymphoma diagnosed?
When did the patient have abdominal pain?
When did the patient abuse alcohol or street drugs?
When did intermittent bleeding start?
When will surgery be performed?
When did the patient have a colonoscopy?
When could the patient have a colorectal primary?
How long would the patient have occupational therapy?
When did the patient have vascular surgeries?
When was the initial tumor resection?
When did the patient have liver surgery?
When did the patient have non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
When did the patient have an MRI?
When was the patient's left kidney removed?
When did the patient have his colonoscopy?
When will the patient see radiation oncology?
When does the patient see the oncologist?
When did the patient have lower abdominal surgery?
When was the patient's latest CT-scan done?
When was patient found to have colon cancer?
When will the patient have her physical medicine appointment?
When did the patient have breast cancer surgery?
When did the patient have a 3mm cecal polyp?
When will the patient go for care to the Mother Care Center
When will chemotherapy most likely start?
Can the patient ambulate today?
How long did the patient not see a doctor?
When was the patient's colon cancer diagnosed?
What is the patient's code status today?
When was the patient's second colonoscopy?
When was the MRI done after the second surgery?
When was the patient diagnosed with "adenocarcinoma"?
What procedures were performed on January 28, 2003?
When was a radiofrequency ablation of the liver performed?
When will the patient see genetics?
When will the patient go to Michigan?
When did the patient have his right hemicolectomy?
When did the patient have low hemoglobin?
How often does the patient check his blood glucose level?
When will be the next CT-scan most likely?
When did the patient request no further cross-sectional imaging studies?
Does the patient take Metformin in the morning or evening?
When did the patient undergo colonoscopy?
When does the patient take her stool softner?
When was the liver imaged to exclude metastatic disease?
When did the patient begin having symptoms?
How long ago was the patient's last surgery?
When did the patient have abdominal surgery?
When was the patient's second known colonoscopy?
When did the patient have her surgery?
When did she get a CT-scan?
When did the patient have difficulties with her bowel movement?
When should cross-sectional imaging of the chest be performed?
When was the patient diagnosed with colon cancer?
When was his colon cancer diagnosed?
When is chemotherapy considered?
When will the patient undergo a CT-scan of the chest, abdomen and pelvis?
When did the patient have hypotension?
When was the lung lesion biopsied?
When did the patient undergo repeat surgery?
When was the last dose of temozolomide given?
When was the follow up MRI done?
When did the patient undergo non-surgical treatment of his rectal cancer?
When were her ovaries inspected during surgery?
When was the patient admitted to a hospital in Reno?
When did the patient complete her radiation therapy?
When were the doctors trying to save the patient's kidney?
When will the patient return for follow-up?
When did the patient present with bloody stools?
When will the patient have low anterior resection?
When did the patient have diarrhea?
When did she have a seizure?
In which years was Mrs. Stackhouse diagnosed with colon cancer?
How frequently would the patient undergo treatment?
When will the patient get CEAs?
When was the patient's performance status poor?
When did the patient have a bowel obstruction?
When did the patient have cardiac imaging done?
What side effects can the patient get after starting folfox treatment?
When did MRSA infections of TKA occur?
When did the patient undergo endoscopy?
When did the patient have peripheral neuropathy due to chemotherapy?
When did her spouse pass away?
When will the patient get ureteral stents?
When will the next colonoscopy take place?
How many hours did the physician spend with the patient?
When was the surgery performed?
When did the patient have kidney stones?
When was the patient dismissed from the hospital?
How long was he in the neurosurgical ICU?
When did the patient have his postoperative seizure?
When will the physician discuss the case with Dr. Smith?
When did the patient develop seizures?
When was the patient found to have a colorectal cancer?
When was the infection discovered?
Which year did Mrs. Stackhouse visit Belle Amis Memorial Hospital?
When will adjuvant Chemotherapy start?
When was the patient's renal function most impaired?
At what dates was there a TNM staging provided?
When did patient receive CT of chest, abdomen and pelvis?
When will a venous access port be placed?
How long will recommended adjuvant chemotherapy be?
When did the patient have left subclavian stent placement?
When did the patient have CA-125 test?
When will they place a tatoo?
When was the patient's colorectal surgery done?
When did the patient have an echocardiogram?
When will she see colorectal surgery again?
When was the drain removed?
When did the patient have rectal bleeding?
When did the patient have the last upper endoscopy where cystic glad polyps were removed?
When was a colon cancer found?
When did the patient get neoadjuvant treatment?
When was the patient found to have a rectal cancer?
When did the patient have chronic back pain?
When is the patient still eligible for adjuvant therapy?
When did the patient have anemia?
When was the tumor found to be 1p and 19q deleted?
When will the patient have staging ultrasound and PET scan?
When did the patient have normal liver tests?
When was the patient's last colonoscopy?
When was the addendum diagnosis done?
When the current doctor first see the patient?
When was the patient's CT of the lower abdomen?
When was patient's colon cancer discovered?
How long has the patient had headaches?
When will the patient have a combined abdominal surgery?
When did the patient have transverse colectomy?
When did the patient have abdominal surgery related to the colorectal cancer?
How long was the patient in the hospital for her bowel obstruction?
When did the patient have sinus arrhythmia?
When will the patient see a surgeon?
When did the patient receive radiotherapy?
When did the patient seek medical attention for jelly-like discharge?
When is the radiation therapy scheduled to stop?
For what date is a ventral hernia repair planned?
When did he have his first MRI?
Does the patient have colon cancer today?
When was the tumor recurrence resected?
When was radiation and chemotherapy performed?
When will a CEA test be done?
When are the patient's follow up appointments?
When did the patient report blood in the stool?
When does the patient take her anti-hypertensives?
Give me the list of occurrence of masses and the corresponding dates?
When did the patient have hepatic flexure polyp?
When did patient have colon cancer diagnosed?
When did the patient have abdominal or endoscopic imaging for her colon cancer?
When did the patient have his brain tumor resected?
When did the patient have the possible recurrence resected?
When will the patient have an IV port placed?
When will external oncologist be contacted?
At what age did the patient have her last radiation?
When will the patient have surgery?
When was residual tumor detected in the patient?
When was the patient found to have a grade 2 adenocarcinoma?
When was continuous observation recommended?
When will the patient get infusion during chemotherapy?
When does the patient use Lasix?
How long a chemotherapy regimen was proposed to the patient?
When did the patient have the flu?
When will the patient get a Brooke ileostomy?
On what dates did the patient have cross-sectional imaging?
When was the patient last echocardiogram?
When will the patient have white cell counts checked?
How long was the interaction with the patient?
When will he have aditional surgery?
When is potential surgery planned?
When was the patient asked to come back for a follow-up MRI?
How long did the patient have diabetes?
When did she undergo surgery?
When was cancer of the colon diagnosed?
How long ago was the patient's colon surgery?
When was the patient's last radiation treatment?
When did the patient get chemotherapy?
When did the patient have a renal allograft rejection?
When did the patient's symptoms start?
How much time was spent questioning the patient and doing the physical examination?
When did the patient have a blood transfusion?
When was the patient found to have an obstructing mass in the cecum?
Did the patient abust alcohol in the past?
When is the patient's treatment going to start?
When did the patient have orthopaedic  and neuro surgeries?
Has the patient been using compression stockings in the past?
Has the patient been using support stockings in the past?
When did the patient have a biopsy?
When did the patient pass gas?
When did this patient have colon cancer?
When did he get an head MRI?
When did the patient have a thoracentesis?
How long should be the antibiotics continued?
When did the patient have minimum pain and discomfort?
When did the patient have radiation treatment?
When was surgery performed?
When was the patient admitted to the hospital for renal failure?
When was the patient's lymphoma diagnosed?
When was the recurrence resected?
When did the patient undergo biopsy?
When was the patient's first known colonoscopy?
Total Created Questions: 802
Total Unique Questions:  452
